= feldtruby

Robert Feldt's Common Ruby Code lib. I will gradually collect the many generally useful Ruby tidbits I have laying around and clean them up into here. Don't want to rewrite these things again and again...

==Time
Time.timestamp()    	# Get a timestamp string back with the current time

Array
-----
* Basic calc/statistics: sum, mean, average, stdev, variance, rms, weighted_sum, weighted_mean
* [1,2,3].swap!(0,2) => [3, 2, 1] (destructive swap of two elements)
* [1,2,5].distance_between_elements => [1, 3]

Float
-----
* 1.456.round_to_decimals(2) => 1.46 (round to given num of decimals)

File
----
* file_change_watcher - Watches for file changes and has callbacks hooks for when there are changes

Kernel
------
* rand_int(top)	 (random integer in range 0...top)

Optimize
--------
* Objective				(single or multi-objective optimization critera)
* SearchSpace			(capture constraints for optimization values/parameters)
* RandomSearcher 		(random search for optimal values)
* DifferentialEvolution	(effective numerical optimization with evolutionary algorithm)

== Contributing to feldtruby
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Robert Feldt. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

